at the East Broadway neighborhood of the
Mall of America in Bloomington Minnesota
it's approximately midnight Central Time
we are going to go up to 4
here we go
that's a flat-screen TV the shoppers
have all gone home for the night
see the escalator swinging off here we
are for
not a customer in sight let's go back
down to one do the door closed one push
the bus it's a nice elevator you can see
the elevator doors
see what no customers here are too
here's the other elevator I want to see
this how big this hydraulic ram is so
we're going to send this one up to three
and we're going to get in that other
elevator real quick alright that
elevator will go and we're gonna get
into this other elevator real quick
we'll ride this one up
see there it goes look at the hydraulic
ram we'll end the video up before I
guess she look at that hydraulic ram we
already wrote this elevator earlier but
take a look down this side of the mall
dead ends to me who the bumps peak time
there's the other elevator but you can
see me in it
or URI our before this will be where we
end the video
there it goes
and look at that that does who sponsors
the small Pepsi everything and that's it